---
title: Strong rally for tech in Q3
tags: TeXt
article_header:
  type: cover
  image:
    src: /screenshot.jpg
key: 2022-08-05-q3-oxygen
tags: markets
---

start with quote

Big news for the week--and probably the rest of the semester--is that the FED finally said "watch out, we're starting to look at a real economy that's debilitating". In seven months, this seems to be the first time that the FED is looking at the other side of the coin, leaving inflation as its only boring focus. It also said "we have implemented enough monetary restrictions, and much of what we've done hasn't been felt in the real economy yet". This supports what the futures market euro-dollar has been anticipating for months: a pause on the rise of the interest rate is coming soon, meaning, our next "free put" is cooking--classical music to the ears of Wall Street that closed the last two weeks with a violent tech rally.

- tsla
- microsoft
- nvidia
- netflix

To what's been said by the FED, we must add what happened in the last couple of weeks.
1) last Tuesday Walmart reported results indicating a consumer deacceleration towards 2023
2) last Friday a July PMI of 47.5 was posted
3) "consumer confidence" from last Tuesday shows a notable downturn to consumer expectactions, and
4) GDP from last Thursday shows 2 consecutive quarters with economic contraction, technically putting us in a recesion.

The recession/deacceleration is bad news in the sense that it implies contraction of activity, sales, consecutevly less cash flow. But recession also comes paired with Wall Street's best friend: low interest rates across the whole curve. With a more bearish FED that assures that the "extremely bullish" scenario is getting to an end, and the decline in valuations since December 2021, mediocre news will be well received. In January 2022, mediocre news generated violent selloffs. Today, with greatly adjusted PEs, the mediocre starts to be celebrated, just like the reports by Google and Microsoft, just above mediocre if you'd like.

Also, the earning season is going pretty well for tech companies like Apple and Amazon, in turn surprizing the market, and neutralizing the bears' hope to break everything in Q3. And, remember, with chances of favorable republican results in midterm elections (nov 2022), and banks obliged to paint a rosy wallet for their clients, it's likely to have positive year close.

In finance shorting in the wrong moment is the worst thing that can happen to you. Bears seem to be running out of time, and this is gonna generate them heaps of anxiety. They have a month and a half left to "break" everything, and I don't even want to ask what the bulls can do to them if the next CPI headline surprises on the decline--as it should happen sometime in the coming 3 months in lights of the deflation on commodities we've been seing in the last couple of months.

Quoting Saint Elon from Tesla's shareholder meeting this Thursday:
""


## Terms
- GDP
- Consumer confidence
- PMI
- Low interest rates across curve
- PE --> Stock price / Earnings per stock
- CPI headline
- Free put





## Idioms
- double dipping
- paint a rosy picture


